Add node in documentation saying the multi-buildpack is now detected by default, no more need for BUILDPACK_URL (#936)
Scalingo/documentation: _posts/platform/deployment/buildpacks/2000-01-01-multi.md

## Set up this buildpack for your application

> If your application containers `.buildpacks` file at its root, our deployment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your application contains a `.buildpacks` file at its root, our deployment
```

system will automatically use this buildpack.

{% note %}

> The environment variable `BUILDPACK_URL` used to be requried to use the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The environment variable `BUILDPACK_URL` used to be required to use the
```
